less and this movies getting praised
like crazy rich Asians but I get it
every culture deserves their cliche
lifetime rom-com so I'm all for it so
y'all know I played Miguel's stunt
double and Coco so I know how cool it is
to have your own stacked movie with your
homies and they got like their own Asian
version of look that en here that they
flaunt the locations down the culture of
gossiping middle aged cheese samosas
that every demographic has so for those
who think it's a masterpiece you know
all for you man I would recommend a lot
of other movies starring Asian leads or
Asian directors who you should support
but for those of you who are overly mad
that people really love this movie ain't
Joe mama let him love it I personally
think this movie falls in line with all
of the other directors movies like Jem
and the Holograms
and step up 3d Justin Beaver's Never Say
Never but to me it's just a rented I did
think the ending was kind of cute it's
not drastically different from every
other rom-com out there including the
airport scene but for those who do love
this get hyped because this thing is
based off of a trilogy let me explain so
Kevin Kwan wrote a trilogy of books
called crazy rich Asians China rich
girlfriend and rich people problems
already better than Fifty Shades and
considering the hype I think that all
three are gonna get adapted into a movie
or either something on Netflix because
the whole point of the first one is that
you have this Chinese couple who live in
New York where the girl rachel has
absolutely no idea she's dating Asian
Bruce Wayne like my girls on such a
budget after graduating from college
that the airplane jammies that they give
her are automatically the best thing in
her closet from now on but it's once she
goes to visit his family that you
realize that there's something that
crosses between every single race and
that's those family members who judge
you harshly than Judy like I've heard of
Oreos right someone's called me a
coconut so I threw one back at them but
I've never heard of the banana slur
unrefined bananas no on the outside and
white on the inside it's actually crazy
when you think about how a lot of people
play the minority Olympics like one of
the actors even said in an interview
where he doesn't he wants agents to
watch this movie but it kind of wants
everyone who's also not an agent watch
it because Hollywood only cares about
one color and as green and frog calms
make money then this one hits every
point right you got the mama who
straight-up treats her like a peasant
even hits her with a Hamilton line about
her son I'm never satisfied she won't
even take the compliments that she gives
her about the family ring she has on
because she she doesn't deem er worthy
she hires a private investigator to oust
Rachel's mom look because it turns out
that Rachel never knew her dad because
her mom pulled a son from lost and
cheated on her Jen rich people are crazy
like the title by the end rachel serves
it up to her like a boss and says you
know what lady I could ruin your life I
can marry your son and there's nothing
you can do about it but I'm gonna let
him go so he can marry whoever it is
that you want to and you're gonna
remember me for the rest of your life
obviously nick is like yo we got two
other movies we got a greenlit rushes to
the plane and then proposes with his
mother's ring that's been passed down
from generation to generation someone
was crying during the scene went oh and
that the follow-ups have more melodrama
than a Lorde album I definitely think
they're gonna be made like let me just
tease to you what happens in them in the
second one we got a damn Disney
stepmother poisoning going on as they
try to set up the wedding the third
one's got a sex tape an attempted
suicide a whole world war two conspiracy
involving the hotel we saw on the first
one as they all try to get on the
grandmother's will
so forget trying to get these on the big
screen I know we want to see them there
but they got a contact Netflix and make
a damn telenovela out of this series
they got to get that hawai brothers
money when the best popular Oscar would
if they want to and then recast Iron
Fist just because you got a recast Iron
Fist I think you have checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
like I said to me it's just your modern
cliche a little rom-com obviously it's
got a different perspective from it so
if you liked it go watch it for those
saying that it does anything extra plot
wise necessarily but I'm curious to see
what this guy does next man I do jump
from like 30% Ron tomato movies to all
of a sudden in 98 percent good for him
he's uh he's set to do in the heights
which is the Broadway play that you boy
lean man with meat on the hand from
Hamilton so I'm curious to see what he
does with that movie supposedly he's
also do in the cave rescue movie from
what just recently happened in Thailand
so I you know way more love to them
definitely let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
send me an HD copy of in the heights if
anyone has